

下面[这个评论](https://www.kdpcommunity.com/s/question/0D52T00004oKfblSAC/embedded-excel-file-in-ebook?language=en_US)参考价值比较高，对于Excel等格式，不要指望能嵌入到EPUB中，就算在EPUB电子书中可看，但是通常表格显示太小而不可用，因此作者建议是使用外部链接，链接到这些不方便在EPUB中展示的文件。

 

(For reference vis: my ability to answer the question accurately, I own an eBook-making company that has made more than 4500 eBooks.)

 

If you think about it, why would a buyer have Excel on their Kindle? Sure, some Kindles are tablets--but millions upon millions more are not; they are dedicated eReading devices, not tablets. iBooks likes to say that you can embed spreadsheets in an ePUB and have it display--and to some extent, that's true--but the reality is, that's an infinitesimal percentage of the buying market demographic and truly, it doesn't work that well. You would be better off embedding an image of the spreadsheet in the file and creating a link to cloud storage of some kind where the buyer would a) load the eBook file into Kindle for PC/Mac, or b) retype the link in a browser nav bar, and c) download the spreadsheet to their computer.

 

Bear in mind that the vast majority of Kindles also do not have truly-functional browsers, so use visible short-links, so that your buyers can see and retype the link in a browser navigation bar on their computers. Do NOT use hidden anchor links, so that your buyers cannot see the link address. Then they have no choice but to download the eBook to K4PC/Mac and then click the link--and I think you'd have to expect complaints around that.


