---
title: 如何识别正面与反面
---

> face.normal is the vector perpendicular to the face’s front.
> The ‘winding’ of a face’s outer loop vertices is an unreliable indicator of the face’s front as if it’s flat at z=0 and has not be further manipulated it always faces downwards - irrespective of the ‘winding’ of its vertices.
> Non-flat-z=0 faces do initially form logically depending of the vertices’ winding - ccw for outer loops and cw for inner loops.
> If a face has been reversed [manually or in code] then its loops’ vertices winding and normal direction will not necessarily correspond as you might expect.
> You can check if an edge is ‘reversed_in’ a face, which reveals that possibility…

法线方向垂直于面的正面。

z = 0 时，总是正面向下，点的旋转方向判断正反面不再管用。当 z ！= 0 时，正反面用点的旋转方向判断。

用户可能调换正面反面，在这种情况下，点的旋转方向和法线和预期的不一致（？）


> Faces in SketchUp are flat, 2-sided polygons with 3 or more sides.
>
> They can be created a several different ways.
> A special case exists for any face created on the ground plane, in which case the vertex order is ignored and the face is always facing down. Otherwise the vertex order take into account.
> 
> The vertices method is used to get an array of all of the vertices that bound the face. In this case the order of vertices in the array can be “random” and contains the outer and inner vertices too.

> You can take a look:
> the loops method is used to get an array of all of the loops that bound the face.
> the outer loop method is used to retrieve the outer loop that bounds the face.

> and check: Loop 1 is a chain of Edges that bound a Face.
> You will see an array of the vertices 1 will define the loop in an ordered sequence.

在地面上的面，正面总是向下一面。


> The front of the face can be determined by comparing the face’s normal vector to the camera’s direction. I have found that perspective alters the view and can affect the outcome when the face is almost sideways to the view.
>
> I have compensated for the perspective by creating a 3d point just in front of the face and one behind it and examined the distances from camera eye to both points.
>
> Note: If the face is in a grouped object, then points and vectors in local coordinates should be transformed to world coordinates.

通过比较法线方向和相机方向来决定哪个面是正面。


> The order of the vertices in outer loop of the face determining the face normal. (Or the other way around, they are closely related)
The face have a front side and back side. The normal vector of face is perpendicular to face and show the front direction.
>
> There is no “definition” for reversed. The mentioning of “reversed” is relative, however you can reverse! the face if you do not like how it is oriented…

outer loop 点的旋转方向决定法线。


讨论地址：

[https://forums.sketchup.com/t/how-to-identify-the-front-and-the-back-of-a-face/156698/9](https://forums.sketchup.com/t/how-to-identify-the-front-and-the-back-of-a-face/156698/9)

